= Guard::Migrate

Migrate guard allows you to keep your migrations.

- This should be compatible with 2.x rails, but has only currently been tested on 3.x rails.

= Install

Please be sure to have {Guard}[https://github.com/guard/guard] installed before continue.

Install the gem:

    gem install guard-migrate

Add it to your Gemfile (inside test group):

    gem 'guard-migrate'

Add guard definition to your Guardfile by running this command:

    guard init migrate

== Options

Available options:

* :run_on_start - this will run the migration task when you start, reload or run all. Defaults to false.
* :test_clone - this will run the with the additional `db:test:clone` to update the test database. Defaults to true.
* :reset - this will run `rake db:migrate:reset` every time migrate is run. Defaults to true.
* :rails_env - passing this will add "RAILS_ENV=" together with the environment.

== Todos

* move the customized code to a separate class/module.
* make the migrate task more surgical instead of just running the reset every time.

== Contributing to guard-migrate
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Authors

{Geoff Lanotte}[https://github.com/glanotte]
== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Geoff Lanotte. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

